## 2.0.0
Breaking changes:
- The classes `Benchmark` and `AsyncBenchmark` are now solely responsible for
generating benchmark scores. The constructor parameters `description` and
`emitter` have been removed. Generating reports is delegated to `ScoreEmitter`.
- The functions `benchmark` and `asyncBenchmark` are not longer generic and
the only optional parameter is: `scoreEmitter`. A custom `ScoreEmitter` can be
used to generate a custom benchmark report.


## 1.0.0
Breaking changes:
- The command `benchmark_runner` now has subcommands `report` and `export`.
- The functions `benchmark` and `asyncBenchmark` are now generic and
  accept the optional parameters:
    * `E extents ColorPrintEmitter emitter`,
    * `report(instance, emitter){}`, where `instance` is an instance of
       `Benchmark` or `AsyncBenchmark`, respectively.
       The callback can be can be used to pass benchmark scores to the emitter.

## 0.1.9
- Changed default encoding of standard output of benchmark processes
to `Utf8Codec()`. This enables the correct output of histograms in windows
terminals with utf8 support.

## 0.1.8
- Updated docs.
- Amended error reporting.
- Formatted executable.

## 0.1.7
- Fixed bug in function `blockHistogram` that surfaced when the
inter-quartile-range `iqr` of the score sample is zero.
- Made benchmark report more compact.

## 0.1.6
- Format.
- Amended link in docs.

## 0.1.5
- Made [BenchmarkHelper.sampleSize][sampleSize] a variable assignable with
a user defined function. This allows changing the score sample generation
customizing the relation between the single score estimate and the
score sample size.

## 0.1.4
- Fixed bugs in runner (results were listed twice, exit code was always 0).

## 0.1.3
- Added progress indicator to output generated by `benchmark_runner`.
- Results are now printed as soon as the individual process returns.


## 0.1.2
- Amended all links referencing the API documentation. (/doc/api -> /latest).

## 0.1.1
- Added extension `BenchmarkHelper`.
- Improved calculation of sample size.
- Extended docs, added image.
- Added class `Score`.

## 0.1.0
- Added tests for class `Stats`.
- `ColorEmitter` now scales benchmark score stats (that are larger than 1000 us).
- Added class `Score`.

## 0.0.4
- Updated dependencies.

## 0.0.3
- Updated dependencies.
- Amended `README.md`.

## 0.0.2
- Amended package description.
- Formated files.
- Amended tags.

## 0.0.1
- Initial version

[sampleSize]: https://pub.dev/documentation/benchmark_runner/latest/benchmark_runner/BenchmarkHelper/sampleSize.html
